=Angels and Guards=
=Episode 16=
Xu.
When choosing a husband,
choose one who treats you well.
After all, it is for life.
I know.
Constable Guan.
Why are you drinking alone?
Don't ask.
Bingfan was promoted to Baihu today.
I wanted to celebrate with her.
But she took me to the bridge
and said all kinds of strange things.
Xu.
You are close to her.
Do you know
if there is someone in Bingfan's heart?
As far as I know,
Miss Shen cares
only about catching criminals.
She does not care much for romance.
I knew it.
Then why did she say
all those things to me today?
I heard from Hua
that Miss Shen carries a blood feud.
She is determined to catch Leng Xin.
And she swore
that until Leng Xin is caught,
she will not consider marriage.
I think she said those harsh things
on purpose
to make you give up
so she wouldn't hold you back.
That makes sense.
Xu.
You educated men really are sharp.
Why did I not think of that?
Then that means
Bingfan does care about me.
Constable Guan.
In my opinion,
a woman's heart is hard to read.
If you truly like Miss Shen,
you must not give up halfway.
Miss Shen is not heartless.
As long as you stay sincere,
she will come around with time.
You are right.
When pursuing a girl,
I can’t back down.
I took your advice.
Now that I have cleared things up
with Guan Yunfeng,
I feel much better.
Then are you going to ask
Chang Beiming out tomorrow
and do the same thing,
making everything clear?
Do you think I should?
You two...
I don't know.
Why?
No reason.
It is hard to explain
and easy to get wrong.
♪The past, like a song,
still echoes in my ears♪
♪A scene of birds and dusk♪
♪In the deep courtyard,
our eyes once met♪
♪Like someone from a dream♪
Come with me somewhere.
All right.
♪Yesterday is gone,
I only wait for you to return♪
♪May we share one heart
until our hair turns white♪
What you are wearing today
is elegant and beautiful.
I didn't understand
what a date meant before.
That is why I made such a mess of it
last time.
So this time, I chose something proper.
Hua said a date
is an important social engagement.
You mean,
today is a date?
There are not many lakes or rivers
in the capital.
One day, I will take you
south to see the rivers
and travel for a while.
I have roamed the martial world
since childhood,
wandering north and south.
But this is my first time
sitting quietly on a boat,
taking in the view.
Then
enjoy this beautiful day.
Beautiful, isn't it?
Young Master Chang.
You have enjoyed every worldly pleasure.
Do you have any regrets?
My one regret
is that I have no one
to hold hands with and roam the world
by boat.
How do you men
say things like that so easily?
Every word is true.
I don't believe that.
Well,
what do you think of
the phantom thief Feng Fuliu?
Whether one is called
a phantom thief, a gentleman thief,
a wicked thief,
or an evil thief
often depends on a single thought.
When it comes to good and evil,
you can't judge by appearances alone.
Whether Feng Fuliu is good or bad,
you have to look closer to know.
Enjoy the view.
Come here.
Why are there so many lanterns?
People write their wishes on them
and let them float downstream,
hoping they come true.
Come true?
Here.
Thank you.
(May my father, Shen Lian,
be cleared of all false charges soon.)
Good.
Don't tell me you wished
to catch Feng Fuliu.
I can't tell you that.
You don't have to. I know.
Young Master Chang.
Actually...
Don't say it.
I know everything.
You know what I am going to say?
Those words of yours
may fool Guan Yunfeng,
but Bingfan,
I understand you.
I know your heart,
and you should know mine.
You are not someone who gives up easily.
And I am not someone
who changes his heart.
So today,
let us not talk about that.
Let us just enjoy the night.
Hua was right.
Talking to you only makes things
harder to explain.
Look.
Beautiful fireworks.
(Why was it so easy)
(to make everything clear
with Guan Yunfeng?)
(But with Chang Beiming,)
(I can't)
(even say the words.)
Xintian, look.
Duoyu is really good with his hands.
He altered it to fit perfectly.
It does fit well.
But one of you has Duoyu,
and the other has Young Master Chang.
That leaves me all alone,
poor and lonely.
I'm leaving.
Which of the two is your type?
Duoyu is thoughtful,
but not manly enough.
Young Master Chang is handsome,
but I always find him a little scary.
The day before we tried
to catch Feng Fuliu,
Young Master Chang came to me
and asked about our plan.
I didn't think much of it then.
Now it finally hit me.
No wonder he was not at the meeting.
He was tricking it out of me.
You mean
the night before the princess's case,
Young Master Chang came
to pump you for information?
You want to talk to me?
Young Master Chang.
Are you really the phantom thief
Feng Fuliu?
Hua.
Why?
I just want to know the truth.
I mean no bad.
Truth?
The Ever-Changing Wildcat
Hua Yunfeng's signature move
is the Three Wildcat Leaps.
So are you the Ever-Changing Wildcat,
Hua Yunfeng?
The spring wind dares
to brush the willows.
The night rain comes unseen
to nourish the flowers.
Let's drink up today.
Watch where you are going!
I...
Forgive me, sir.
Xu Duoyu,
how come
we haven't seen
Miss Hua come to see you lately?
Squad Leader Hua is on a mission.
Nonsense.
What darn mission could
a female Jinyiwei have?
Exactly.
She got tired of you
and kicked you aside, didn't she?
Hey,
if she is bored with you,
why not pass her to me?
Don't insult Hua.
Who do you think you are talking to,
you punk?
A lowly servant dares to talk back
to his superiors?
And you are defending her?
Hua Mange is nothing but a loose woman.
She is just stringing you along.
Take a look at yourself.
Why would she
ever be interested in you?
Shut up!
Duoyu!
Hua.
Duoyu.
Does it hurt?
Those people went too far.
They should know whose dog
they are kicking.
Hua.
You think I'm a dog?
I'm worried about you.
Why did they hit you?
They were saying awful things about you.
I couldn't stand it.
So I fought them.
They have a death wish.
You bold thief!
Trying to break into the Archives again?
Get her!
Hurry! Don't let her escape!
What happened?
Where did their hair go?
Get away.
So shiny.
What are you staring at?
Won't even let us touch it?
Mr. Lu.
What happened?
I... I don't know.
It was fine before I went to sleep
last night.
Then I woke up, and my hair was gone.
Useless fools!
You went to sleep with hair
and woke up bald?
If that thief
had wanted your heads
instead of your hair,
you would all be dead by now.
Sorry.
My lord, I checked the room.
The doors and windows are all intact.
It must have been done by an expert.
My lord.
In the martial world, only two people
have such footwork.
One is the phantom thief Feng Fuliu.
The other is
the Ever-Changing Wildcat, Hua Yunfeng.
(Northern Bureau)
Duoyu.
Tell me the truth.
Who exactly are you?
Hua.
What do you mean?
You don't seem like
an ordinary servant to me.
I am just an ordinary servant.
Fine. You won't tell me the truth?
Then don't speak to me again.
Hua.
Please let me keep a few secrets.
All right, all right.
I was teasing you.
Look how nervous you got.
You spend every day studying
these strange little things.
Do you never get tired of it?
Hua.
Don't underestimate them.
They can be very powerful.
When you are catching criminals,
they might help in ways
you never expect.
Really?
I still trust martial arts more.
Good thing it was a dud.
How long do you plan to stay
on top of me?
Sorry.
I didn't mean to.
Duoyu.
You are getting cheeky too.
(Yanyu Tower)
Embroidered Spring Blade?
You are a Jinyiwei?
A female one?
Don't kill me!
Commissioner.
We arrested Hu Ke, Director
at the Ministry of War, under orders.
We are here to report.
Good.
Very good.
Why are the files on Leng Xin
and the files
on Prince Luo's treason case
all missing?
Those classified files
were all transferred out
three days ago.
Who transferred them?
Well...
Did you collude with someone
to destroy those secret files?
I would never dare.
But the person who transferred them...
Who?
It was the Commander.
Who upset you this time?
My lord.
You transferred the Northern Bureau's
secret files on Leng Xin,
as well as the files
on Prince Luo's case.
Don't I have the authority?
Did you do it on purpose?
Why would you say that?
I was just promoted to Baihu
and finally gained access to them.
Then you transferred them
three days ago.
Are you starting
to suspect me again?
If I suspected you,
I wouldn't have come
to ask you directly.
To tell you the truth,
three days ago,
I suddenly received
a secret imperial order.
His Majesty wanted to review
all files related
to Prince Luo's case himself.
♪Because you once entered my dreams♪
♪Truth and illusion blur in wine♪
♪My heart drifted lost♪
♪Yet found you in the crowd♪
♪My blood still burns
as the world surges♪
♪The land is fair, and you are free♪
♪Sword drawn, lost in obsession♪
♪I've softly let it go♪
♪The vow you made was true♪
♪Yet like clouds, it stops for no one♪
♪Put away those dreamlike words♪
♪And forget at world's end♪
♪Embracing memory♪
♪Through blossoms and dreams♪
♪You hide in the crowd, silent♪
♪I wish to let it pass♪
♪And run toward this vast life♪